changelog: split items into separate topics (#18112)
vlang/v: CHANGELOG.md

- Option references are now supported: `?&Type`.
- Arrays of `Option`s are now allowed.
- Allow `foo := Foo{}`, when `Foo` has an Option field, that is a struct, that has a `[required]`
  tag on its fields.

### Compile-time Reflection

- Compile-time interface fields evaluation.
- Compile-time enum evaluation:
  ```v
  $for item in MyEnum.fields {
      println(item.value)
      println(item.name)
  }
  ```
- Added `$option` as a compile-time reflection type representing an any Option type.
- All special compile-time reflection types are now lowercase (`$int`, `$enum`, `$option`, etc).

### Checker Improvements/Fixes

- Enums can no longer be initialized like structs.
- Capture variables can no longer shadow anonymous function params.
- Mixing multi-return results with other types in return statements is no longer allowed.
- Assigning anonymous structs to named structs is no longer allowed.
- `[required]` fields are now checked for embedded structs.
- Fixed a bug with closures with fixed array variables.
- Builtin methods `first/last/repeat` can now be used in custom user types (previously they only
  worked in builtin arrays).

> - Generic struct initialization is no longer need explicit types provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generic struct initialization no longer needs explicit types to be provided:
```

  ```v
  struct Foo[T, U] {
  	a T
  	b U
  }
  
  foo := Foo{
  	a: 2
  	b: 'x'
  }
  
  println(foo)
  ```
- unsafe: dereferencing nil references is no longer allowed in the following case:
  ```v
  a := unsafe { nil }
  println(*a)
  ```

### OSes

- Added basic QNX support.

### Other changes

- Lots of documentation/readme improvements.
- Lots of playground improvements: [play.vlang.io](https://play.vlang.io), including a really cool
  feature: "Show generated C code".
- A new `[spawn_stack: 131072]` function attribute for controlling the max size of the stack of the
  spawned threads.
- Channel pop now works with an `or` block: `ch := <-self.item or { return none }`
- `it` has been renamed to `index` in array inits.

> - "Is V still fast?" web-page has been speed up by splitting the result table into multiple years.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "Is V still fast?" web-page has been sped up by splitting the result table into multiple years.
```
